Long ago in an age of magic and mystery there lived a boy named Loeg. A shy but brave child, he lived out his youth with his three closest friends. Until one day the sky darkened and split wide open! Lighting flashed all around and before he could run he was struck. He awoke in a crumbling old house unsure of where he was or where his friends had gone. A mysterious being approached and introduced himself as Jazil. With an infectious joy, he explained that Loeg had fallen from the sky and he had been chosen to save the land he did not know by gathering the ancient seal and restoring it to its full power. Together they traveled to an enchanted mountain called The Lord’s Domain, where Loeg collected an amulet called the Spark, it's function he does not yet know. Upon returning to the palace, Loeg began to train in the art of Ethereum, hidden magic of the dead elder race. Loeg spent years perfecting his skill as a ether wielder until the sky darkened once more. The Spark amulet began to vibrate subtly on his chest, he felt a stirring in his heart and he knew it was time to begin his quest. Though, what should he do? Jazil, now an old man, came to Loeg and explained that the Spark's purpose was once to hold back a mad god named Eg'drath. He was let loose by a cult of worshippers in the hopes that the mad god would bring them a power to manipulate reality. However, upon removing the amulet the seal shattered into 9 pieces and flew across the realm. The worshippers died in that moment and the mad god was unleashed. It was now Loeg's destiny to destroy Eg'drath, somehow. The old man handed Loeg a blood red sword, its power called the edgespire. An ancient sword capable of draining power from the very ether within him. The only way to defeat Eg'drath was to reunite the seal and weaken the mad god using his own life force. Tearing his own body into shreds and devouring his essence to achieve this. The old man died, his last words were his final request. "Save our world chosen one." The thought of this terrified him but he thought maybe, just maybe he could manipulate the mad god to return him to his own world... So he set forth on this great quest, Loeg's Quest.